Create a game called Mario vs Sonic Mega Battlefield Edition.

3d game. Everything is made of cubes

Hundereds of battle boards (Bowsers Castle, Greenfield, Robotic Hazmen, Aquadic Surf, Sky Top Cruse, Super Smash Mayhem, Wreak Site, Alexia's Dungeon of Death, Mount Fuji, Slime Swamp Factory). Hundreds of weopons (Hammer, Robot Clone, Fire Bomb, Nuke, Gravity Gun, Tri Laser, Vacuum, Ghost Box). Hundreds of fighters (Mario, Luigi, Peach, Daisy, Sonic, Shadow, Dr Robotnik, Kirby, Capton Falcon, Polio, Baby Hamster, Chicken Jockey, Steve, Ender Dragon, Bunrth the giant boar with a cannon, Alexia the galaxia champion and great at robotic stuff, Piccachu, Charizard, Rose, Peke the giant pink mouse, Princutia the princess of peace). Alexia gets unlocked when your monster is fighting in Alexia's dungeon. Hundreds of cool moves too. Alexia is smart. There are more monsters with more moves, and more power ups, and upgrades. Your character can win badges, gold, dimonds, and coins. Alexia is enchanted in the castles. The legendary Guffin (bird head with a loin body, will known) will be challenging to defeat. Alexia was hard to find and hidden for players to find it, between skeletons, traps, spikes, and dangers lies Alexia, very hard to get. Players culd play with friends across the globe and challenge them to a monster battle, or trade monsters with the same strength but, maybe with different powers, so both get the monsters they need. People ask, "Magic or Power?" It is tough to decide but, the player should choose witch monster to get to win the battles. More than just 2 players could battle, a battle royal has 16 (able to be from anywhere) or more players fighting, but an extreme global battle royal is when 18 players FROM ACROSS THE GLOBE battle each other in an area! It depends where the people live and stuff. Maybe Germany and France play the game and battle each other, it is called a global royal, but if the ALL people where living in New York City, it is now called just a battle royal. Players must smash the World Orb to use their supreme power.